PBM-887 Documented pbm diagnostic command (#226)
percona/pbm-docs: docs/troubleshoot/pbm-report.md

# Diagnostics report

!!! admonition "Version added: [2.8.0](../release-notes/2.8.0.md)"

When troubleshooting issues with backups and restores, viewing logs and PBM status may sometimes not be enough to identify the root of the issue. 

> Starting with version 2.8.0 you can generate a diagnostics report about a specific *logical* backup or a restore. The report includes the following information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 2.8.0, you can generate a diagnostics report about a specific backup, restore, or other commands. The report includes the following information:
```

> * The information about the environment where a backup or a restore is running. 
> * Logs collected between the start and end time of the command execution
> * Metadata file of a specified backup or a restore. For a restore, includes metadata of this restore and the backup it was taken from. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The information about the environment: PBM Agents statuses and cluster members. 
* Logs collected between the start and end time of the command execution
* If it is a backup command, the backup metadata file.
* If it is a restore command, the restore metadata file and the backup metadata file. (NOTE: Physical Restore is not supported at the moment)
```

Author: Amended

# Diagnostics report

!!! admonition "Version added: [2.8.0](../release-notes/2.8.0.md)"

When troubleshooting issues with backups and restores, viewing logs and PBM status may sometimes not be enough to identify the root of the issue. 

Starting with version 2.8.0 you can generate a diagnostics report about a specific backup, restore, or other commands. The report includes the following information:

* The information about the environment: pbm-agents statuses, cluster members, etc. 
* Logs collected between the start and end time of the command execution
* If it is a backup command, the backup metadata file.
* If it is a restore command, the restore metadata file and the backup metadata file. 

   <i warning>:material-alert: Warning:</i> Physical restore is not supported at the moment.

This data is stored in separate files in JSON format.

To generate a report, run the `pbm diagnostics` command:

```{.bash data-prompt="$"}
$ pbm diagnostic --path=path --name=<backup-name> 
```

or

```{.bash data-prompt="$"}
$ pbm diagnostic --path=path --opid=<OPID> 
```

> 

Reviewer 2: I miss here a real-life example.

Author: Do you mean the sample output? The cluster env report is huge that's why I haven't pasted it. As a workaround we can list the files that are generated.

Reviewer 2: I can provide you real life values if you don't have a demo setup

Reviewer 2: Disregard - I can see an example below - beautiful!
